[TELCODOCS-2375]: Improve MetalLB Operator supported platforms documentation (#110765)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-metallb-when-metallb.adoc

[role="_abstract"]
To get fault-tolerant access to applications through an external IP on bare metal in {product-title}, you can use MetalLB.

MetalLB is useful when you have a bare-metal cluster, or an on-premise infrastructure without a native load balancer, and you need to expose services through external IP addresses.

You must configure your networking infrastructure to route network traffic for the external IP address from clients to the host network for the cluster.

> After deploying MetalLB with the MetalLB Operator, when you add a service of type `LoadBalancer`, MetalLB provides a platform-native load balancer.

Reviewer: A bit wordy

```suggestion
When you deploy MetalLB with the MetalLB Operator, and add a service of type `LoadBalancer`, MetalLB provides a platform-native load balancer.
```

[role="_abstract"]
To get fault-tolerant access to applications through an external IP on bare metal in {product-title}, you can use MetalLB.

> MetalLB is useful when you have a bare-metal cluster or an on-premise infrastructure without a native load balancer and you need to expose services through external IP addresses.

Reviewer 2: Elsewhere you put commas here:

MetalLB is useful when you have a bare-metal cluster, or an on-premise infrastructure without a native load balancer, and you need to expose services through external IP addresses.

Which makes the meaning clearer.
